requirements and possible adaptation (#2)
AccentDesign/modular_dotnet_boilerplate: docs/api-switching-database-provider-tutorial.md

# Documentation

### Switching Database Providers

> fluentpos currently supports MSSQL & Postgres Dbs. Due to issues with schemas in EFCore's MySQL implementation, MySQL is not being used here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app currently supports MSSQL & Postgres Dbs. Due to issues with schemas in EFCore's MySQL implementation, MySQL is not being used here.
```
